♪♪♪
♪ 25 YEARS
AND MY LIFE IS STILL ♪
♪ TRYING TO GET UP
THAT GREAT BIG HILL OF HOPE ♪
♪ FOR A DESTINATION ♪
♪ I REALIZED QUICKLY
WHEN I KNEW I SHOULD ♪
♪ THAT THE WORLD WAS MADE UP
OF THIS BROTHERHOOD OF MAN ♪
♪ FOR WHATEVER THAT MEANS ♪
♪ AND SO I CRY SOMETIMES
WHEN I'M LYING IN BED ♪
♪ JUST TO GET IT ALL OUT
WHAT'S IN MY HEAD ♪
♪ AND I, I AM FEELING
A LITTLE PECULIAR ♪
♪ AND SO I WAKE IN THE MORNING
AND I STEP OUTSIDE ♪
♪ AND I TAKE A DEEP BREATH
AND I GET REAL HIGH ♪
♪ AND I SCREAM FROM THE TOP
OF MY LUNGS, WHAT'S GOING ON ♪
♪ AND I SAID HEY, YEAH, YEAH ♪
♪ HEY, YEAH, YEAH ♪
♪ I SAID, HEY ♪
♪ WHAT'S GOING ON ♪
♪ AND I SAID HEY, YEAH, YEAH ♪
♪ HEY, YEAH, YEAH ♪
♪ I SAID HEY ♪
♪ WHAT'S GOING ON ♪
♪ [VOCALIZING] ♪
♪♪♪
♪ AND I TRY ♪
♪ OH MY GOD, DO I TRY ♪
♪ I TRY ALL THE TIME ♪
♪ IN THIS INSTITUTION ♪
♪ AND I PRAY ♪
♪ OH MY GOD, DO I PRAY ♪
♪ I PRAY EVERY SINGLE DAY ♪
♪ FOR A REVOLUTION ♪
♪ AND SO I CRY SOMETIMES
WHEN I'M LYING IN BED ♪
♪ JUST TO GET IT ALL OUT
WHAT'S IN MY HEAD ♪
♪ AND I, I AM FEELING
A LITTLE PECULIAR ♪
♪ AND SO I WAKE IN THE MORNING
AND I STEP OUTSIDE ♪
♪ AND I TAKE A DEEP BREATH
AND I GET REAL HIGH ♪
♪ AND I SCREAM FROM THE TOP
OF MY LUNGS, WHAT'S GOING ON ♪
♪ AND I SAID, HEY, YEAH, YEAH ♪
♪ HEY, YEAH, YEAH ♪
♪ I SAID, HEY ♪
♪ WHAT'S GOING ON ♪
♪ AND I SAID, HEY, YEAH, YEAH ♪
♪ HEY, YEAH, YEAH ♪
♪ I SAID, HEY ♪
♪ WHAT'S GOING ON ♪
♪ AND I SAID ♪
♪ HEY, YEAH, YEAH
(WAKE IN THE MORNING) ♪
♪ (AND I STEP OUTSIDE) ♪
♪ HEY, YEAH, YEAH
(I TAKE A DEEP BREATH) ♪
♪ (AND I GET REAL HIGH) ♪
♪ I SAID, HEY ♪
♪ WHAT'S GOING ON ♪
♪ AND I SAID ♪
♪ HEY, YEAH, YEAH
(WAKE IN THE MORNING) ♪
♪ (AND I STEP OUTSIDE) ♪
♪ HEY, YEAH, YEAH
(I TAKE A DEEP BREATH) ♪
♪ YEAH, YEAH, YEAH
(AND I GET REAL HIGH) ♪
♪ I SAID, HEY ♪
♪ WHAT'S GOING ON ♪
♪ [VOCALIZING] ♪
♪♪♪
♪ 25 YEARS
AND MY LIFE IS STILL ♪
♪ TRYING TO GET UP
THAT GREAT BIG HILL OF HOPE ♪
♪ FOR A DESTINATION ♪
♪ MM ♪